O heavenly Father,
I want to give all I can give.
My desire is to please you
and love you as long as I live.
I’ll help those who listen
to find in your Word what they need.
To preach and to teach
is the way I can really succeed.
As I praise you, Jehovah,
my faith’s getting stronger each day.
I’ll reflect on my dedication.
I’ll walk in your way.
O heavenly Father,
to you I give praise,
Determined to serve you
in so many ways.
My heart is wide open
as long as I live.
Jehovah, I’ll love you
and give you all I can give.
Whole-souled devotion
and love for my brothers I’ll show.
Volunteering to play my part
is the best way I know.
I’m happier when I am giving
than when I receive,
When I’m taking the time
to help others who may be in need.
As I praise you, Jehovah,
my faith’s getting stronger each day.
I’ll reflect on my dedication.
I’ll walk in your way.
O heavenly Father,
to you I give praise,
Determined to serve you
in so many ways.
My heart is wide open
as long as I live.
Jehovah, I’ll love you
and give you all I can give.
O heavenly Father,
to you I give praise,
Determined to serve you
in so many ways.
My heart is wide open
as long as I live.
Jehovah, I’ll love you
and give you all I can give.